# Jungle Shooter
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/bCLY36WAA4Q>
#### Description: A 2D platformer that is based in a swamp in which you are a gangster and you fight these mages that are trying to kill you using their CHEESE spells. the hardest part of this was lining up all the images for the various sprites in the game. Over time I got used to working with Gimp and it soon became easy. Another hard part was creating the AI that controlled the enemy mages, and for this I created a collision based system, where the mages would have invisible boxes that represented their sight, and if you the player walked into the box, they would start to unload their cheese spells. In the audio folder is all the audio snippets i used in the game, in the background is the backgrounds, in the enemy file theres the assest of the enemy, in the icons are all the rest of the objects, in the player is all the player asses, and the Tile folder is all of the tiles that created the world. The three exit, restart and start buttons are buttons. the button.py file is to handle button functionality using collision based code between the rectangles created around the pngs of the buttons and the cursor. Next are the fonts that I used and next is the data for the world generation using excel to create rows and columsn with which the world should be filled with. Finally its the main game file itself. We've gpt different classes around each major component of the game, which organises the code and alos makes it more manageable.